[Music]
Libyan visa official
but over for inspection sorry sir I
can't do that well over phone inspector
how willingly you to die for your
country I'm gonna go right here right
now
[Music]
everybody this is Jack Silva yeah we
trained seals at Coronado so he knows
the drill
welcome to club bag
[Music]
we we are overrun
stay under attack
the US ambassador at risk the Ambassador
is in his safe haven you're not the
first responders with a last resort you
will wait
none of you have to go we are the only
help there
[Music]
I called fan support never came you're
not giving orders anymore here in my
world now we have 36 American wives to
say
[Music]